# Release notes - version 1.3.0
---

## Notes about new/updated Features

### Forger reward address
For forger nodes: it is now possible to specify a custom address where the block reward will be directed.<br> 
The address will be put inside every new block forged by the node.<br> 
(Previously the first address on the local wallet was taken automatically, without the possibility to specify a different one).<br> 
Any EON address can be specified (included a smart contract address). The private key does not need to be imported in the local wallet.

How to specify it: 
- inside the config file, add a property like this inside the *forger* section:

    forgerRewardAddress = "xxxxxxxxx"

- if using docker, you can just configure the env property SCNODE_FORGER_REWARD_ADDRESS: the config file will be automatically generated accordingly.

### Pause forging
Please be aware that starting from this version EON block production may temporary pause if the mainchain block production slows down: EON forgers will automatically stop to produce new blocks if in the latest 99 EON Blocks no reference to mainchain blocks is present.

### Stakes native smart contract updates
The stake native smart contract exposes new methods to access the stake list in a paginated way and filtered by address.
Further info may be found in the [ForgerStakes](../nativesc/contracts/ForgerStakes.md) documentation

### Custom log4j file support in docker
If using docker, it is now possible to configure the env property SCNODE_LOG4J_CUSTOM_CONFIG to use a completely custom log4j configuration file. See ['Advanced logging customization'
 section in this help](../howto/customlog.md) for further info. 



---
Full [Changelog](/CHANGELOG.md) available.